Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Today...
Is April Fool’s right?
Huh?
Why do I know today is April Fool’s?
‘cause...
I am a genius!!
Easy peasy lemon squeezy
Hohohoooi! lol
Whatever!
In April Fool’s
You only tell lies...
before midday...
(!?)
So ya!
That said!
Well...
Let’s put that
conversation away!
Virtual YouTubers’ve been...
Crazily increasing...
In numbers yeah?
Although, the number of Virtual YouTubers are increasing...
Well… Amongst all the Virtual YouTubers...
The cutest one is of course
The Super… shi...
The Super…
The Super right?
The Super AI...
Kizuna
AI⤴︎!!
Kizuna AI⤴︎!!
Togepriiiiiiiiii!!
Ahh!
To whoever thought
I said Togepi...
Yer a smartie~!
I am...
Kizuna AI⤴︎!!
Hai
hahaha
Virtual...
Ah! Screwed it…
Amongst the Virtual Youtubers
The cutest one is...
Kizuna AI...
Well… that’s me...
Yeah, guess so
There is a
Chick cuter than me
Well now, that
Cute chick is
Written “the moon glittering at night”
Kaguya Luna-chan!
Kaguya Luna-chan is
CUUTE!
Crazy cute!
Luna-chan is Gakki!
Luna-chan’s Aragaki Yui!
Luna-chan’s just like Aragaki Yui! (?)
♪ When the road of your life… ♪
(mimicking Gakki’s “Koi Dance”)
♪ Comes to an end… ♪
‘K!
About
Kizuna AI-chan’s next video
The number of Virtual YouTubers (?) has increased so
I’ma
Mimic the voices of as many Virtual YouTubers
As I know
* That’s the plan anyway
See you later!
♪ (AI-chan’s ending theme) ♪
This is, yeah,
My suggestion to ya all
♪ (AI-chan’s ending theme) ♪
It's over!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Kaguya Luna
Timed by Kaguya Luna